strongly consistent Query info only (#1113)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/what-is-a-query.md

The state of a running Workflow Execution is constantly changing.
Queries are available to expose the internal Workflow Execution state to the external world.

- [How to use Queries in Go](/docs/go/how-to-use-queries-in-go)
- [How to use Queries in Java](/docs/java/queries)
- [How to use Queries in PHP](/docs/php/queries)
- [How to send a Query to a Workflow Execution using tctl](/docs/tctl/workflow/query)

Queries are sent from a Temporal Client to a Workflow Execution.
The API call is synchronous.
The Query is identified at both ends by a Query name.
The Workflow must have a Query handler that is developed to handle that Query and provide data that represents the state of the Workflow Execution.

Queries are strongly consistent and are guaranteed to return the most recent state.
This means that the data reflects the state of all confirmed Events that came in before the Query was sent.
An Event is considered confirmed if the call creating the Event returned success.
Events that are created while the Query is outstanding may or may not be reflected in the Workflow state the Query result is based on.
Strongly consistent Queries may have a small amount of latency.

> A Query can carry arguments to specify which data it is requesting, as every Workflow can expose data to multiple types of Queries.

Author: ```suggestion
A Query can carry arguments to specify which data it is requesting.
And each Workflow can expose data to multiple types of Queries.
```

The state of a running Workflow Execution is constantly changing.
Queries are available to expose the internal Workflow Execution state to the external world.

- [How to use Queries in Go](/docs/go/how-to-use-queries-in-go)
- [How to use Queries in Java](/docs/java/queries)
- [How to use Queries in PHP](/docs/php/queries)
- [How to send a Query to a Workflow Execution using tctl](/docs/tctl/workflow/query)

Queries are sent from a Temporal Client to a Workflow Execution.
The API call is synchronous.
The Query is identified at both ends by a Query name.
The Workflow must have a Query handler that is developed to handle that Query and provide data that represents the state of the Workflow Execution.

Queries are strongly consistent and are guaranteed to return the most recent state.
This means that the data reflects the state of all confirmed Events that came in before the Query was sent.
An Event is considered confirmed if the call creating the Event returned success.
Events that are created while the Query is outstanding may or may not be reflected in the Workflow state the Query result is based on.

> Strongly consistent Queries may have a small amount of latency.

Reviewer: I think this phrase doesn't add any value.

A Query can carry arguments to specify which data it is requesting.
And each Workflow can expose data to multiple types of Queries.

> A Query must never mutate the state of the Workflow Execution – that is, Queries are **read-only** and cannot contain any blocking code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Query must never mutate the state of the Workflow Execution—that is, Queries are _read-only_ and cannot contain any blocking code.
```
Formatting change per "Italic" section of https://developers.google.com/style/text-formatting.

> This means that Query handling logic can not schedule Activity Executions for example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This means, for example, that Query handling logic cannot schedule Activity Executions.
```

If a Query is sent to a completed Workflow Execution, the final value is returned.

#### Stack Trace Query

> In many SDKs the Temporal Client exposes a predefined `__stack_trace` Query that returns the stack trace of all the threads owned by that Workflow Execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In many SDKs, the Temporal Client exposes a predefined `__stack_trace` Query that returns the stack trace of all the threads owned by that Workflow Execution.
```

This is a great way to troubleshoot a Workflow Execution in production.

> If a Workflow Execution has been stuck at a state for longer than an expected period of time, for example, you can send a `__stack_trace` Query to return the current call stack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if a Workflow Execution has been stuck at a state for longer than an expected period of time, you can send a `__stack_trace` Query to return the current call stack.

```

  Query handling logic must be **read-only** and cannot change the Workflow Execution state in any way, or contain any blocking code.
  This means that Query handling logic can not spawn Activity Executions.

> Queries are strongly consistent and will operate with the last available state.

Reviewer 3: I would try to save a little more of the original information here. Maybe something like
"
Queries are strongly consistent. A strongly consistent Query is guaranteed to return the state, which includes all Events that came in and were confirmed by the returned response before the Query was issued.
"

Author: Considering the feedback - I did a quick rewrite of the whole thing.

LMK what you think -
